again here we have another wonderful
piece of philosophy I know that I would
call it a discovery
this idea that some explanations have
reach
infinite reach is profound it turns
knowledge into a force of nature it is
the thing that can point itself
anywhere in reality and transform that
if it's so
if there are people there that want to
do that and have the knowledge of how to
do so
so I'll sign that again
knowledge is an entity in the universe
that if it points itself at somewhere in
reality it can transform that reality
into something completely different
as long as there are people there who
choose to do so and have that knowledge
so the knowledge of how to completely
transform the Andromeda Galaxy
if it's discovered here on Earth it is
the thing that will transform the
Andromeda Galaxy